this will not be a war of heroes which
is all to see this is going to be fun
the world burns you have no idea of what
men are capable of
we must do something I know you want to
fight
but there are other ways of doing your
duty you're going to need a suit come on
we are the first independent
intelligence agency preserving peace and
protecting life welcome to the club
[Music]
just like witches at black masses while
government's wait for orders our people
take action
mine's at blood destruction now it's
done too short a lot
[Music]
get construction
my to you
[Music]
our enemies think we are gentlemen
but reputation is what people think of
you
character is what you are
I'm ready I'm just
[Music]
but ready we shall see
this is called a parachute it means that
one can jump out of a plane safely
[Music]